{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f386\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f387\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f389\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f390\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f391\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}
{\f392\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f393\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f394\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f395\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text 2;}{\s16\qj \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 
Body Text Indent 2;}{\*\cs17 \additive \fs16 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden annotation reference;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 \ssemihidden 
annotation text;}{\s19\ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Body Text Indent 3;}{\s20\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 Title;}{\s21\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext21 footer;}{\*
\cs22 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}{\s23\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f35\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext23 \ssemihidden \styrsid4342605 Balloon Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1134566
\rsid4342605\rsid4549015\rsid12537783\rsid12602249\rsid13658493\rsid13971695\rsid15801378\rsid16325423}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.3416;}{\info{\title The Case of the Fallen Businessman}{\author User}{\operator Gary Stasser}
{\creatim\yr2001\mo2\dy9\hr14\min28}{\revtim\yr2002\mo11\dy10\hr10\min4}{\printim\yr2001\mo5\dy16\hr13\min16}{\version8}{\edmins64}{\nofpages22}{\nofwords4909}{\nofchars27986}{\*\company icsa}{\nofcharsws32830}{\vern16453}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot4342605 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\footer \pard\plain \s21\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\pvpara\phmrg\posxr\posy0\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\field{\*\fldinst {\cs22\insrsid4342605 PAGE  }}{\fldrslt {\cs22\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof\insrsid12537783 3}}}{
\cs22\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \s21\ql \li0\ri360\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\adjustright\rin360\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s20\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par The Case of the Fallen Businessman
\par }\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par 
\par }{\fs24\insrsid4342605 By Garold Stasser
\par 
\par Revisions by Gwen Wittenbaum and Dennis Stewart
\par }{\fs24\insrsid16325423 
\par }{\fs24\insrsid4342605 Miami University
\par Oxford, OH 45056
\par \page }{\fs28\insrsid4342605 MAJOR CHARACTERS
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16325423 {\b\fs24\insrsid4342605 Robert Guion}{\fs24\insrsid16325423 :\tab }{\fs24\insrsid4342605 The Victim}{\fs24\insrsid16325423 , owner of Guion Lincoln/Mercury car dealership}{
\fs24\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\b\fs24\insrsid4342605 Marion Guion}{\fs24\insrsid16325423 :\tab }{\fs24\insrsid4342605 The victim\rquote s wife
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\insrsid4342605 Lt. Mark Moody}{\fs24\insrsid4342605 :\tab Detective in charge of the investigation
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid4342605 Sgt. Cassini}{\insrsid4342605 :\tab \tab Police officer assisting in the investigation

\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\b\fs24\insrsid4342605 Eddie Sullivan}{\fs24\insrsid4342605 :\tab Handyman who worked for the Guions
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\insrsid4342605 Billy Prentice}{\fs24\insrsid16325423 :\tab }{\fs24\insrsid4342605 Yardman who worked for the Guions
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\insrsid4342605 Mickey Malone}{\fs24\insrsid4342605 :\tab Owner of MM Auto Parts; business associate of the victim
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\insrsid4342605 Sam Nietzel}{\fs24\insrsid4342605 :\tab \tab Parts manager for Guion Lincol}{\fs24\insrsid16325423 n}{\fs24\insrsid4342605 /Mercury
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\insrsid4342605 Dave Daniels}{\fs24\insrsid4342605 :\tab \tab Owner of Dave\rquote s Quick Stop in the Eastwood Shopping Center
\par 
\par ** The }{\b\fs24\insrsid4342605 suspects}{\fs24\insrsid4342605  under consideration are:
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\b\fs24\insrsid4342605 Mickey Malone
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Billy Prentice
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Eddie Sullivan}{\insrsid4342605 \sect }\sectd \sbknone\linex0\cols2\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid4342605 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 \page }{\b\insrsid4342605 LOCAL BUSINESSMAN MURDERED\sect }\sectd 
\sbknone\linex0\cols2\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 \sect }\sectd 
\sbknone\linex0\cols2\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
Robert Guion, a prominent local businessman was found dead beh
ind his Crestview home this morning.  Detective Lt. Mark Moody of the Hilltown precinct reported that Mr. Guion had apparently been assaulted when leaving his home to play golf early this morning.  He was struck on the head over the left eye and fell down
 a flight of stairs leading from a second story deck at the rear of the house.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par The preliminary coroner\rquote s report concluded that death was cause by injuries sustained from the fall and not from the blow to the head.  The report estimated that Mr. Guion\rquote 
s death occurred between 6:30 and 7:00 AM.  Lt. Moody would neither confirm nor deny rumors that Mr. Guion had been robbed.  \'93We\rquote re following all leads.  That\rquote s all I have to say for now,\'94 said Lt. Moody.
\par 
\par 
\par [From an article in the weekend edition of the local paper, the }{\ul\insrsid4342605 Valley Sentinel}{\insrsid4342605 .]
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \page \sect }\sectd \sbknone\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid4342605 Marion Guion
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from 
\par Lt. Moody\rquote s (Lt.M) interview with 
\par Marion Guion (Ms. G), wife of Robert Guion
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Mrs. Guion, I know this isn\rquote t going to be easy, but I need you to answer some questions for me.
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab It\rquote s OK.  It has to be done.  And please call me Marion.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab OK,\'85 Marion,\'85 tell me what you remember about Saturday morning.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Ms. G:\tab Well, I always sleep in on Saturday\rquote 
s.  I got up around 9 or 9:15 and did aerobics from 9:30 to 10.  After that I showered and was drying my hair when I heard a knock at the patio door.  It was Eddie Sullivan, our handyman.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab That was about 10:30?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Yes, I think so\'85  I\rquote m not absolutely sure.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab You are sure about the times that you got up and did aerobics?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Yes, I\rquote m fairly sure of those times.  You see, I watch an aerobics program on TV; it\rquote s on every morning from 9:30 to 10.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab So, when Mr. Sullivan told you that your husband was hurt, what did you do?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab He did}{\insrsid4549015 n\rquote t}{\insrsid4342605  actually tell me that it was Bob\'85 not at first.  He just said that there had been an accident and that I should call an ambulance\'85  I remember feeling scared, but it didn\rquote 
t occur to me that it might be Bob.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab This was the first that you knew that something had happened?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Yes, Bob always plays golf on Saturday morning; he always leaves early and doesn\rquote t return until 11 or so.  I though he was at the country club.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab You said that you were scared.  Did you suspect the Mr. Sullivan wasn\rquote t telling you everything?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Not really\'85 I suppose that I was just reacting to the urgency in Eddie\rquote s voice.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Do you know if Mr. Guion ever left the house during the morning?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab No, I\rquote m not sure.  All I remember is that he was talking on the phone in the study\'85 it\rquote s across the hall from the bedroom.  I remember it was light outside.. must have been around 6.  Ne
xt thing I knew, I heard voices, or a voice\'85 shouting\'85 I\rquote m not sure.  I was still half-asleep.  It sounded like it was coming from outside.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Where is the bedroom located?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab At the back of the house, on the northwest corner.  Anyway, I thought it was Bob.  I though maybe he was yelling at the cat.  She sometimes runs out}{\insrsid4549015  of}{\insrsid4342605  the patio door when he\rquote 
s leaving and it infuriates him.  But then I heard what sounded like a groan\'85 and something fall.  This woke me up completely.  I went to the window and looked out but didn\rquote t see anything.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Can you see the deck from your window?
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid4342605 Marion Guion
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par Ms. G:\tab No, not very well.  I remember looking at the clock.  It was about 6:40.  I thought, \'93Bob is usually gone by now.\'94  Then I heard a car on the gravel driveway.  I }{\insrsid4549015 went}{\insrsid4342605 
 to the study window at the front of the house but didn\rquote t see anyone.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Did you think it was a car leaving?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Yes, I thought so.  I saw Bob\rquote s pickup in the carport and I assumed that he took th
e Mercury out of the garage.  Sometimes he takes the pickup.  I remember thinking that the noise I heard must have been the garage door closing.  It always comes down with such a bang.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Can you see under the carport from the study window?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Oh\'85 yes, I can see under it completely.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab So you suspected nothing until Mr. Sullivan came to the patio door?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab That\rquote s right.  I thought it was unusual that he was at the back door.  He usually comes to the front door.  And he looked upset.  He opened the door partway when he saw me and shouted, \'93Call an ambulance.  There\rquote 
s been an accident.\'94 Or something like that.  He mad}{\insrsid4549015 e}{\insrsid4342605  it sound ver}{\insrsid4549015 y}{\insrsid4342605  urgent.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab So what did you do?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab I called for an ambulance like he said\'85  Then I went out\'85 on the deck (}{\i\insrsid4342605\charrsid4549015 bursts into tears}{\insrsid4342605 ).
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab I know that this is hard Marion\'85 but we\rquote re just about through.
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab I can\rquote t go on.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab I know you are upset, but please try to continue.  It\rquote s very important\'85 now when did you realize that it was your husband?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab When I got out on the deck\'85 I looked down over the railing\'85 I was stunned\'85 Eddie looked up at me and shook his head.  Then I could tell that it was Bob, and somehow I knew that he was\'85 gone (}{\i\insrsid4342605\charrsid4549015 
sobbing}{\insrsid4342605 ).  I fell apart.  I couldn\rquote t stand looking at him.  I went back inside\'85
 and stayed there until the ambulance came.  Eddie came up, and asked if there was anything he could do.  I think I asked him to call my sister.   Anyway she got here just before the ambulance.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Marion, there was no wallet or identification on your husband.  Did he ordinarily carry a wallet?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Yes, he always does.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Did he carry a lot of money?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Not a large amount.  Usually}{\insrsid4549015 ,}{\insrsid4342605  no more than $50.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Do you mind if we see if he left his wallet somewhere in the house on Saturday?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab No, go ahead.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Thank you for your help Marion.  Take care.
\par 
\par [Lt. Moody and Marion Guion searched the house, but did not find the wallet.]
\par 
\par \page }{\b\insrsid4342605 Eddie Sullivan
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from
\par Sgt. Cassini\rquote s (Sg. C) Interview with
\par Eddie Sullivan (Ed. S), The Handyman
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 Sg. C:\tab Mr. Sullivan, you said that you arrived at Mr. Guion\rquote 
s about 6 Sat. morning.  You were tearing down a barn for him, I believe.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par Ed. S: \tab Yeah.. about 6\'85 the sun was just coming up.  I like to get my work done early before it gets real hot.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Did you notice anything unusual when you arrived?
\par 
\par Ed. S: \tab No\'85  The light was on in Mr. Guion\rquote s study, but that wasn\rquote t unusual.  He is always up when I get there in the morning.  He was a hard worker.  He earned his money; it wasn\rquote t given to him.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab How did you happen to notice Mr. Guion\rquote s body?
\par 
\par Ed. S: \tab I went back to my truck to get my crowbar.  I left it laying next to the truck.  When I got there, the crowbar was gone.  I looked around\'85 that\rquote 
s when I saw Mr. Guion laying in the grass through the breezeway.  At first, I thought it was Billy.. you know Billy\'85 ah \'85 Prentice, he cuts the grass on Saturdays.  He\rquote s always there bright and early and I though may
be he had hurt himself.  Anyway, I ran back there.  I was shocked to see M}{\insrsid4549015 r}{\insrsid4342605 . Guion.  I didn\rquote t think he was even there \lquote 
cause he plays golf on Saturday morning.  He leaves at 6:30, regular as clockwork, and is never back til about noon.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab OK, so you ran over to Mr. Guion\'85
\par 
\par Ed. S: \tab Yeah, like I say I was shocked.  He looked real bad\'85 blood on his head and laying there real awkward.  I ran up the stairs and pounded on the patio door.  I started to open it and then I saw Mrs. Guion coming in from the livin
g room.  I though I shouldn\rquote t alarm her too much so I just said, \'93Call an ambulance.  There\rquote s been an accident.\'94  She started to run past me like she knew it was bad but I stopped her and said, \'93It\rquote 
s alright, just call the ambulance.\'94  I never told her it was Mr. Guion.  I didn\rquote t know he was dead til I got back down the stairs.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Did you ever find the crowbar?
\par 
\par Ed. S: \tab What?\'85 Oh\'85 no.  I never did.  I never looked again.  I }{\insrsid4549015 w}{\insrsid4342605 as real upset.   I didn\rquote t even go back to the barn.  I just left after the ambulance came.  By th}{\insrsid4549015 at}{\insrsid4342605 
 time}{\insrsid4549015 , }{\insrsid4342605  Mrs. Guions\rquote  sister and her husband were there an}{\insrsid4549015 d}{\insrsid4342605  I didn\rquote t figure that I could do anything.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab You said at first you thought it was Billy Prentice lying there in the grass instead of Mr. Guion.  Was Billy there Saturday morning?
\par 
\par Ed. S: \tab You know I don\rquote t know\'85  come to think of it his car wasn\rquote t there and none of the yard tools}{\insrsid4549015  --}{\insrsid4342605  or the lawn mower}{\insrsid4549015  --}{\insrsid4342605 
 was out.   But I though I heard his station wagon earlier.  
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab When was that?
\par 
\par Ed. S: \tab I can\rquote t say for sure.  I just remember hearing a car with a loud muffler and thinking, \'93That\rquote s Billy.\'94  None of Guion\rquote s cars would ever sound like that.  I\rquote d guess around 7.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Did you hear anything else?  Did you hear anything like a fight or, perhaps, Mr. Guion falling?
\par 
\par Ed. S: \tab No, can\rquote t say as I did.  You know the barn is quite a piece from the house\'85 probably 200 or 300 yards.  And there\rquote s a woods between there too.
\par }{\b\insrsid4342605 Eddie Sullivan
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par Sg. C:\tab You said you went back to pick up your crowbar by your truck.  Where was your truck?
\par 
\par Ed. S: \tab It was in the carport beside Guion\rquote s pickup.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Why didn\rquote t you drive it down to the barn where you were working?
\par 
\par Ed. S: \tab Well\'85 it had rained the night before, and I didn\rquote t want to get it stuck down there.  There\rquote s a gravel path but it\rquote s not wide enough.  Besides Mr. Guion didn\rquote t want me making ruts in the grass.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Eddie, did you and Mr. Guion get along?
\par 
\par Ed. S: \tab Yeah\'85 I always like him\'85 He was real fair when it came to business\'85 paid well\'85 easy to work for.
\par }{\insrsid13971695 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid13971695 {\insrsid13971695 Sg. C:\tab Your daughter worked at Guion\rquote s car dealership, didn\rquote t she?  }{\insrsid12602249 D}{\insrsid13971695 id they get along?

\par 
\par Ed. S: \tab Yeah\'85 She was his bookkeeper for several years.  All of a sudden she quit.  I didn\rquote t ask her about it.  She seemed upset, but I figured that that was their business.  You know what I mean?
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13971695 {\insrsid13971695 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid13971695 {\insrsid13971695 Sg. C:\tab Sure, if you think of anything else that I should know, give me a call.  I\rquote ll be in touch.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13971695 {\insrsid13971695 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid13971695 
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par \page }{\b\insrsid4342605 Mickey Malone
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from
\par Lt. Moody\rquote s (Lt. M) Interview with 
\par Mickey Malone (M.M.), owner of MM Auto Parts
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 Lt. M: \tab Mr. Malone, I have to ask you some hard question}{\insrsid12602249 s}{
\insrsid4342605 .  }{\insrsid12602249 Its}{\insrsid4342605  well know}{\insrsid12602249 n}{\insrsid4342605  that you and Mr. Guion go back a long way but things were king of rough between the two of you lately.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par M. M.:\tab We had some differences.
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab Did you call Mr. Guion Saturday morning?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab Yes
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab Why?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab Well\'85 we always play golf with two other fellows on Saturday mornings\'85 a foursome, you know.  Well\'85 the last 2 weeks things had been awkward\'85 downright nasty at times.  I told him we either put this thing behind us or else\'85 or
 else either he or I should drop out of the foursome. It just wasn\rquote t fair to the other\'85 to ruin their golf.
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab The other 2\'85 Rick Rooney and Jim Townsend, I believe.
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab Yeah.  Anyways, I wanted to clear thing up before we got to the country club.
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab You play at }{\insrsid12602249 Mountain}{\insrsid4342605  View?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab Yeah.
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab What did Mr. Guion say when you called him?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab Bob told me to }{\insrsid12602249 stuff it}{\insrsid4342605 .  I told him, \'93If you\rquote re playing golf, I\rquote m not!\'94  He said, \'93Fine, do what you want.\'94
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab What did you do?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab My first impulse was to drive over to his place and work this out face-to-face.  I go to the Crestview turnoff and thought }{\insrsid12602249 t}{\insrsid4342605 o myself, \'93This is silly.  We\rquote ll just end up fighting.\'94
  I turned back.. stopped at a coffee ship across from Eastwood\'85 there on 160}{\super\insrsid4342605 th}{\insrsid4342605 .  I thought about it some more and decide to go play golf.  Just \lquote cause Bob wanted to be a horse\rquote s rear didn\rquote 
t mean I had to ruin my day.
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab What time did you leave home?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab 6:20.. 6:30\'85 I don\rquote t know\'85 somewhere around then.
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab How long does it take to get to Crestview from your house?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab I don\rquote t know.  Maybe\'85 it\rquote s about a mile north of }{\insrsid12602249 Meadowland}{\insrsid4342605 \'85 that\rquote s about 9 miles then\'85 probably 15 minutes
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab How long were you at the caf\'e9?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab I don\rquote t recall for sure.  Why?  What does it matter anyway?
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid4342605 Mickey Malone
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par Lt. M: \tab Mr. Malone, you and Mr. Guion were not on the best of terms.  To be honest, we don\rquote t know what happened last Saturday morning but its clear that there was foul play.  We are just following all lead}{\insrsid12602249 s}{\insrsid4342605 
.  If you don\rquote t want to answer my questions, you don\rquote t have to\'85 at least, not right now.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par M. M.:\tab I really don\rquote t know.  As I remember, I drank 2 cups of coffee and then left\'85 maybe 10 minutes.
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab You went to the golf course straight from the caf\'e9?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab Right.
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab It\rquote s about 5 miles from Eastwood to Mountain View golf course?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab Yeah\'85 about.
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab So you left home somewhere around 6:20 or 6:30.  Fifteen minutes to Crestwiew; a couple of minutes back to the caf\'e9, let\rquote s say; 10 or so minutes of coffee drinking; and say another 8 minutes to Mountain }{\insrsid12602249 View}{
\insrsid4342605 \'85 Let\rquote s see\'85 That should have put you at the golf course around 7, give or take 5 minutes.  Is that about right?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab Sounds right.. yeah, I got there right at 7; that\rquote s when we always meet.
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab You did not go to Guion\rquote s place on Saturday morning?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab No, I didn\rquote t.
\par 
\par Lt. M: \tab Thanks, Mr. Malone, for your time.
\par 
\par \page }{\b\insrsid4342605 Billy Prentice
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from
\par Lt. Moody\rquote s (Lt.M) interview with
\par Billy Prentice (B.P.), Guion\rquote s Yardman
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Billy, I need to talk to you about Mr. Guion\rquote 
s death.  You did hear about it didn\rquote t you?
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par B. P.:\tab Yes, sir.  It was awful, wasn\rquote t it?
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Yeah, too bad.  Were you at Mr. Guion\rquote s place on Saturday morning?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab No, sir.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Don\rquote t you usually cut the grass on Saturday?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Yes, sir\'85 usually\'85, but not last Saturday.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Why not?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Ah.. I just cut it the week before.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab But this time of year.. don\rquote t you usually cut it every week?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Yeah, but \'85 I wasn\rquote t feeling good last Saturday morning}{\insrsid12602249 .}{\insrsid4342605  Besides it rained Friday night and the grass was probably wet.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab But I mowed my grass last Saturday morning.  By 9:30, the sun had dried the grass out.  Remember, it was clear and hot.  Didn\rquote t it occur to you that the grass would be dry later in the morning?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab I guess so\'85 but by then I figured I wouldn\rquote t have time to get it done before my ball game.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Billy, what time was your ball game?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Noon.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab How long does it usually take you to cut the grass?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab A couple of hours, but I had other things I needed to do out there.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Couldn\rquote t you have done those other things while the grass was drying and still been able to make it to your ball game?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab I suppose so\'85 l don\rquote t know\'85 I like to get to the game early\'85 Besides I said I wasn\rquote t feeling so good in the morning.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Billy, I should tell you right out\'85 Mr. Sullivan\'85 You know Mr. }{\insrsid12602249 Sullivan}{\insrsid4342605  don\rquote t you?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab You mean Eddie, the carpenter?  Yes, sir, I know him.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Well, Mr. Sullivan heard your car at Guion\rquote s on Saturday morning.  How do you explain that?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab How\rquote d he know it was my car?  When?
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab He just said that he heard your car about 7 Saturday morning.  He said that he recognized the loud muffler.
\par }{\b\insrsid4342605 Billy Prentice
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par B. P.:\tab No, he couldn\rquote t have.  I wasn\rquote t there at 7 on Saturday.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Billy, come one.  We know that your car was at Guion\rquote s place.  We picked up fresh tire tracks along the edge of the gravel near the carport.  They match your tires, Billy, and we know they weren\rquote t a week old.
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab OK\'85 OK\'85 I was there Friday to ask Mr. Guion for an advance.  I was a little short on money.  He gave it to me.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab What time on Friday?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Around 4:00, just before ball practice.  I was broke and he always helps me out.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab So you borrow money a lot?  What do you need the money for?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Ah\'85 yeah, I suppose so\'85 for my car.  I work on my car a lot, fixing it up, keeping it in good shape.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab OK, Billy, that\rquote s all for now.  We\rquote ll talk later.
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Sir,\'85 you know I didn\rquote t hit Mr. Guion\'85 You know I wouldn\rquote t hurt him\'85 He was always good to me.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Sure, Billy, I know\'85 See you around.
\par 
\par \page }{\b\insrsid4342605 Rick Rooney
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from
\par Lt. Moody\rquote s (Lt. M) Interview with
\par }{\insrsid12602249 Rick}{\insrsid4342605  Rooney (R.R.), Guion\rquote s and Malone\rquote s Golf Partner
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 Lt. M.:\tab I\rquote d like to ask some questions about Mickey Malone.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par R. R.:\tab I\rquote ll be glad to help if I can.
\par 
\par Lt. M.:\tab You play golf with Mr. Malone on Saturday morning.  Right?
\par 
\par R. R.:\tab Yes, I do.  We have a regular foursome.
\par 
\par Lt. M.:\tab Can you tell me anything about his relationship with Mr. Guion?
\par 
\par R. R.:\tab They were always good friends\'85 until }{\insrsid12602249 these}{\insrsid4342605  last few weeks.  They had some sort of business disagreement.  Mickey wouldn\rquote t say a whole lot about it, though.  They\rquote 
ve had problems in the past, but it\rquote s never been this bad.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Item 61 \tab Lt. M.:\tab What time did Mr. Malone arrive at the golf course last Saturday?
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 R. R.:\tab Around 7 as usual.}{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par Lt. M.:\tab Ok, I appreciate your help.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 \page }{\b\insrsid4342605 Dave Daniels
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from
\par Sgt. Cassini\rquote s (Sg}{\insrsid12602249 . }{\insrsid4342605 C) Interview with
\par Dave Daniels (D. D.), Owner of Dave\rquote s Quick Stop
\par In the Eastwood Shopping Center
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 Sg. C:\tab 
Dave, when you called Saturday morning, you said that you found a wallet behind your store.  Where did you find it?
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par D. D.:\tab It was }{\insrsid12602249 lying}{\insrsid4342605  beside the dumpster in the back\'85 next to some boxes that I had stacked out there.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab What did the wallet look like?
\par 
\par D. D.:\tab It was a nice one.  It looked new\'85 and expensive\'85 so I thought it was strange that someone would throw it away.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Did it have any money in it?
\par 
\par D. D.:\tab No, in fact it was empty.  All that I found were Mr. Guion\rquote s credit cards inside the dumpster.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab You never found any money or a driver\rquote s license?
\par 
\par D. D.:\tab No, just 3 credit cards.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Item 62 Sg. C:\tab What time did you find the wallet?
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 D. D.:\tab Probably about
 7 AM.  Yeah, I remember because I got to the store just before 7 and was checking some stock in the back room right before I found the wallet.}{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Sg. C:\tab What made you go outside?
\par 
\par D. D.:\tab I heard a car pull up in back and then speed away.  I went out to see what was going on but the car was gone by the time I got out there.  That\rquote s when I saw the wallet.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Item 43}{\insrsid4342605  }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Sg. C:\tab 
So you heard a car right before you went out and saw the wallet.  Are you sure it was a car?
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 D. D.:\tab No\'85 not really.  I assumed it was a car because it ran real qui}{\highlight7\insrsid12602249 e}{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 t.  I probably wouldn\rquote 
t have heard it but the tires squealed when it left.  Like I say, I didn\rquote t see it.
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Sg. C:\tab Could it have been a pickup?
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 D. D.:\tab I suppose so.}{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par Sg. C:\tab Are you sure the wallet wasn\rquote t there earlier?
\par 
\par D. D.:\tab Pretty sure, I walked right past there when I came in just a little earlier and I don\rquote t know how I would have missed it if it was there.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Thanks, Dave.  If you think of anything else, call me.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par \page }{\b\insrsid4342605 Sam Nietzel
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from
\par Lt. Moody\rquote s (Lt. M) Interview with
\par Sam Nietzel (S. N.), Parts Manager for Guion Lincoln/Mercury
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Mr. Nietzel, I need to ask you some question in regards to Guion\rquote 
s connection with MM Auto parts.  Were Guion and Malone having difficulties?
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par S. N.:\tab Yes, I suppose so.  We\rquote ve done business with Malone for years.  In fact, he started supplying parts for us when he was still operating out of the barn on the old Malone place.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab I\rquote ve heard that Malone got his real start by being a supplier for Guion and they were friends for years.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 S. N.:\tab Yes, that\rquote s right\'85 They\rquote ve been friends way back\'85
 but they had their ups and downs\'85 They always worked things out before\'85 until this last thing.  It seems that Malone started giving Guion substandard parts, which really steamed Bob because he is very 
concerned about giving his customers quality service.   He even told me to stop ordering from Malone.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par Lt. M:\tab What was wrong with the parts?
\par 
\par S. N.:\tab Well, some of them didn\rquote t fit; some seemed to wear out and break easily.  My guess is }{\insrsid13658493 that}{\insrsid4342605  they were either rebuilt or after }{\insrsid13658493 market}{\insrsid4342605  parts.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab When did you realize this was going on?
\par 
\par S. N.:\tab About 2 months ago\'85 It\rquote s been a mess around here since.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab So would you like to go back to MM Parts?
\par 
\par S. N.:\tab No, and I especially wouldn\rquote t do it without Mr. Guion\rquote s OK.  And he was dead}{\insrsid13658493  }{\insrsid4342605 set against it.. Wouldn\rquote t even talk about it!  Mr. Guion was a proud and stubborn man.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Another matter\'85 Do you know anything about Ms. Sullivan\rquote s leaving the firm?
\par 
\par S. N.:\tab That would be Sue Sullivan, the bookkeeper?
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Yes, Sue Sullivan.
\par 
\par S. N.:\tab No, I don\rquote t really know anything in particular?
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Item 11\tab Lt. M:\tab Nothing out of the ordinary happened before she left?
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 S. N.:\tab Well, maybe\'85 I didn\rquote t know there was a problem until I overheard them arguing in his office.  I didn\rquote t mean to hear, but I couldn
\rquote t help it.  I was going in the talk to Mr. Guion about something.  Next thing I knew she was leaving\'85 I mean leaving for good, packing up her things.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Did you hear what they were arguing about?
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 S. N.:\tab No, they sounded real mad, but I couldn\rquote t make out what they were saying\'85 They stopped when they saw me coming.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Had they argued like that before?
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid4342605 Sam Nietzel
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 
\par S. N.:\tab No, not that I know of.  They always seemed to get along real well.  Maybe it was\'85 well, I don\rquote t know.}{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par Lt. M:\tab Do you know if Mr. Guion had any enemies or dissatisfied customers?
\par 
\par S. N.:\tab Not really.  Mr. Guion treated his customers like royalty.  He always said, \'93The customer is always right\'85 always!\'94  }{\insrsid13658493 He}{\insrsid4342605  not only said it, he lived by it.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Thanks, Sam, for your time.  If you think of anything else, give me a call.  You\rquote ve been a great help.
\par 
\par S. N.:\tab Glad to be\'85 Want to get this mess sorted out.
\par 
\par \page }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Item 63  }{\b\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Millie Smith}{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from
\par Lt. Moody\rquote s (Lt.M) Interview with 
\par Millie Smith (M.S.), a waitress at Ray\rquote s Caf\'e9
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab I\rquote d like to ask you a few questions if you don\rquote t mind.

\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 M. S.:\tab Sure.  What can I do for you?
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Were you working here last Saturday?
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 M. S.:\tab Yes, I was.  The morning shift.
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab So you would have been here at 7 in the morning?
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 M. S.:\tab Yes, I was covering the counter and the cash register.
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Do you remember seeing this man in here last Saturday?
\par [He shows her a picture of Mickey Malone.]
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 M. S.:\tab Hmm\'85 yes, as a matter of fact, I do.  He came in early; I\rquote d guess around 6:30 or 6:45.  Somewhere around then, shortly after I got here.  Ordinarily I wouldn\rquote 
t remember him because we get a lot of one-time traffic from the freeway and I know he\rquote s not a regular.  But I do remember because he just sat t
here and drank 2 cups of coffee rather quickly and then left all of a sudden - - like he was late for something.  He didn\rquote t even wait for his bill.  He just left 2 dollars on the counter.  I remember thinking, \'93
I wish everyone would tip like that for a cup of coffee.\'94
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab How long was he here?
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 M. S.:\tab Not very long\'85 maybe 10 minutes, 15 minutes at most.
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Can you tell me anything else about him?  You said he seemed in a hurry.  Did you notice anything else unusual?
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 M. S.:\tab No, I wasn\rquote t paying that much attention to him.  We were pretty busy at the time.
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab OK, thanks for your time.  Here\rquote s 2 dollars for the coffee.  See Malone isn\rquote t the only big tipper.  We cops appreciated service with a smile, too.}{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par \page }{\b\insrsid4342605 Marion Guion \endash  Second Interview
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from
\par Lt. Moody\rquote s (Lt. M) Follow-up Interview with 
\par Marion Guion (Ms. G), wife of Robert Guion
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Marion, I need your help to clear up a couple of matters if you don\rquote t mind.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Ms. G:\tab Sure.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Item 41\tab Lt. M:\tab Billy Prentice claims that he came by on Friday to as}{\highlight7\insrsid13658493 k}{\highlight7\insrsid4342605  your husband for an advance.  Do you know anything about this?
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Ms. G:\tab Why\'85 yes, he did come by\'85 in the afternoon, I believe.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Did you}{\highlight7\insrsid13658493 r}{\highlight7\insrsid4342605  husband give him any money?
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Ms. G:\tab Yes, he did.  I\rquote m not sure how much, but I remember he said, kind of jokingly, \'93I wonder if I\rquote 
ll ever get to pay Billy AFTER he does the work.\'94
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Do you know exactly what time it was on Friday when he came by?}{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Ms. G:\tab No, I\rquote d only be guessing\'85 late afternoon, I\rquote d say.}{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Billy Prentice seems to have problems handling his money.  Does he borrow\'85 or ask for advances on his wages\'85 often?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Yes\'85 quite often.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab Do you have any idea what he uses the money for?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Well\'85 I\rquote m not sure, but I think he has been involved with gambling.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab What ma}{\insrsid13658493 d}{\insrsid4342605 e you say that?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Well, I know he plays poker with some friends of his, and Bob and I ran into him once at the racetrack.  We\rquote ve only been there a few times, but I always like to go just to watch the horses.  I think they\rquote 
re beautiful.  Anyway, Bob and I never bet more than a few dollars.  But when we saw Billy there, he had quite a stack of betting slips in his hand.  He noticed us just then and seemed really nervous and quickly walked away from the betti
ng window.  After this incident, Bob said he would keep an eye on Billy.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab How long ago did this happen?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Hmm\'85 about\'85 it was soon after he started working for us.  Probably 2 years ago.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab One other thing, was Billy here anytime on Saturday morning?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab No, I can\rquote t say that he was, come to think of it.  I guess with everything else I never gave it a thought, but he didn\rquote t show up\'85 At least, he never mowed the lawn.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Item 13}{\insrsid4342605  }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab 
As I recall, you heard a car on the gravel out front about 6:40.  You thought at the time that it was your husband driving away.  Could it have been Billy or someone else driving up the drive?
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid13658493 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13658493 Marion Guion \endash  Second Interview}{
\highlight7\insrsid13658493  
\par 
\par }\pard \s2\ql \li720\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid13658493 {\b0\highlight7\insrsid4342605\charrsid13658493 Ms. G:\tab Maybe\'85 but, no.  It couldn\rquote t have been anyone driving up\'85 If it had been}{
\b0\highlight7\insrsid13658493\charrsid13658493 ,}{\b0\highlight7\insrsid4342605\charrsid13658493  it seems that I would have seen them.  The only thing that I saw was Bob\rquote s pickup in the carport\'85 nothing else}{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 .}{
\insrsid4342605   
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Did Mickey Malone come by anytime Saturday?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab No\'85 I don\rquote t think so\'85 Melissa, Mickey\rquote s wife, called early Saturday afternoon.  She said that they had just heard on the radio and wanted to know if there was anything that they could do.
\par 
\par Lt. M:\tab They didn\rquote t come over at any time?
\par 
\par Ms. G:\tab Not on Saturday.  They stopped by briefly on Sunday to offer their condolences.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Item 12 Lt. M:\tab One other matter\'85
 Is it true that Eddie Sullivan has a hearing problem?}{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Ms. G:\tab Yes, he is very hard of hearing.  Sometimes when he gets a phone call, I have to call him.  I\rquote ve tried calling to him from the de
ck, but he never hears me.  I have to walk right up to him before I can get his attention.}{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab Doesn\rquote t he have a hearing aid?}{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Ms. G:\tab He has one, but he doesn\rquote t wear it while he is working.  He says that it doesn\rquote t fit well.  It\rquote s one of those tiny ones and he
\rquote s afraid he will lose it.}{\insrsid4342605  
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Lt. M:\tab I think that\rquote s all, Marion.  Thanks for your patience.  I hope I don\rquote t have to bother you again with these details.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par \page }{\b\insrsid4342605 Billy Prentice \endash  2}{\b\super\insrsid4342605 nd}{\b\insrsid4342605  Interview
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from
\par Sgt. Cassini\rquote s (Sg. C) Follow-up Interview with 
\par Billy Prentice (B. P.), Guion\rquote s Yardman
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 Sg. C:\tab 
Billy, since you talked with Lt. Moody, some new things have come up.  I remind you, Billy, that you don\rquote t have to answer my questions if you don\rquote t want to.
\par }\pard\plain \qj \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par B. P.:\tab Sir, I don\rquote t mind.  I have nothing to hide.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Very well.  You said that you went to Guion\rquote s on Friday night, not Saturday morning\'85 Right?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Yes Sir\'85 Well, actually I went there Friday afternoon, not Friday night.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab To borrow some money, I think you said.
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Yes, that\rquote s right.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Was this money to pay off gambling debts, Billy?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab No}{\insrsid13658493 !}{\insrsid4342605  No, sir}{\insrsid13658493 !}{\insrsid4342605 
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Is it true that you are an excessive gambler?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab No!  I mean.. well, I gamble as much as the next guy\'85 you know, poker with the boys\'85 racetrack every now and then.  I used to do it a lot more a couple years back, but I\rquote ve really cut down.  I don\rquote 
t have a problem with it sir\'85 really!
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab OK, so you were there on Friday and no}{\insrsid13658493 t}{\insrsid4342605  on Saturday?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Yes, sir, that \lquote s what I said!
\par 
\par T Sg. C:\tab }{\insrsid13658493 T}{\insrsid4342605 hose tire tracks that Lt. Moody told you about\'85 Billy, those tracks were almost certainly made after Friday night\rquote s rain.  And, as you know, it rained from about 10 to midnight.
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab But\'85 [}{\i\insrsid4342605\charrsid13658493 long pause}{\insrsid4342605 ]\'85 I\'85
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Billy are you sure that there is nothing that you want to tell me?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Alright, sir\'85 I was there\'85 I went to do some work.  I saw Mr. Guion just laying there.  I want over to him.  It was awful.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Billy, why didn\rquote t you say something before?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Nobody\rquote s going to believe me.  I though}{\insrsid13658493 t}{\insrsid4342605  I\rquote d just better get out of there an}{\insrsid13658493 d}{\insrsid4342605  act like I didn\rquote t know nothing.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab So you ran.
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab I sure did.  I almost hit Mr. Sullivan\rquote s truck when I was pulling out of the carport.  I couldn\rquote t get out of there fast enough.  I swerved\'85 that\rquote s probably when I went off the road.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab While you were at Guion\rquote s did you see a crowbar?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab What?  A crowbar? .. }{\insrsid13658493 Yeah}{\insrsid4342605 , I did now that you mention it.
\par }{\b\insrsid4342605 Billy Prentice \endash  2}{\b\super\insrsid4342605 nd}{\b\insrsid4342605  Interview
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Item 42 Sg. C:\tab Where did you see it?}{\insrsid4342605 
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-720\li1440\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\highlight7\insrsid4342605 B. P.:\tab It was laying in front 
of the garage door, the side door where I get the mower out.  I remember moving it to the side so I could get the mower out.}{\insrsid4342605 
\par 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 Sg. C:\tab That\rquote s all?  You just moved it over to the side?}{\insrsid4342605 
\par 
\par }{\highlight7\insrsid4342605 B. P.:\tab Yes, sir.}{\insrsid4342605 
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Anything else you remember about that?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab Well, I remember thinking that it must be Mr. Sullivan\rquote s \lquote cause Mr. Guion didn\rquote t have}{\insrsid13658493  }{\insrsid4342605 any tools to speak of around the place\'85
 excepting some garden tools.  But then I thought that that was odd \lquote cause Mr. Sullivan always makes this big thing about keeping his tools locked up when he\rquote s not around.  And I didn\rquote t see him anywhere\'85 just his truck.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Billy, the crowbar was found in the bushes south of the garage\'85 with your fingerprints on it.  Can you explain that?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab No, Sarg, I swear\'85 I did pick it up, why would I throw it in the bushes?
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab That\rquote s what I\rquote d like to know\'85 OK, let\rquote s go on.  What time would you say that you were at Guion\rquote s on Saturday?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab I don\rquote t rightly recall.  I was late.  Maybe 8, I\rquote d guess.  Like I said, I wasn\rquote t feeling so good.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Did you take Mr. Guion\rquote s billfold?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab No, sir.  You gotta believe me.  When I saw he was dead, I just go tout of there!
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab How did you know that he was dead?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab I don\rquote t know\'85 He looked dead\'85 He didn\rquote t move when }{\insrsid12537783 I }{\insrsid4342605 yelled\'85 he wasn\rquote t laying there natural like.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Did you go over to him?  Did you check his pulse?  Didn\rquote t you even try to get help?  Maybe call Mrs. Guion or something?
\par 
\par B. P.:\tab No, I just got out of there.  I didn\rquote t think there was anything I could do.
\par 
\par Sg. C:\tab Okay, thanks Billy.  That\rquote ll be all for now.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par \page }{\b\insrsid4342605 Eddie Sullivan \endash  2}{\b\super\insrsid4342605 nd}{\b\insrsid4342605  Interview
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from
\par Sgt. Cassini\rquote s (Sg. C) Follow-up Interview with
\par Eddie Sullivan (Ed. S), the Handyman
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 Sg. C.:\tab Eddie, since we last talked we found your crowbar in the bushes south of Guion
\rquote s garage.  At least, we think it\rquote s yours: it has \'93ES\'94 stamped on it.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par Ed. S.:\tab Yeah, all of my tools are stamped.  You can\rquote t be too careful.  They borrow them and forget they\rquote re yours.  You know what I mean?
\par 
\par Sg. C.:\tab Do you have any idea how it got in the bushes?
\par 
\par Ed. S.:\tab No\'85 Can\rquote t say as I do.
\par 
\par Sg. C.:\tab We\rquote re trying to get some things about last Saturday sorted out.  You said you got to the Guion\rquote s about 6 in the morning and went straight to the barn.  Then about 7 you heard a car\'85 with a loud muf
fler.  Mrs. Guion thought you came to the patio door around 10:30.  Is that about the time that you discovered Mr. Guion\rquote s body?
\par 
\par Ed. S.:\tab I\rquote m not sure about that.  It could have been around then.  I really don\rquote t remember.
\par 
\par Sg. C.:\tab OK, Eddie, if you think of anything else, give me a call.
\par 
\par \page }{\b\insrsid4342605 Mickey Malone \endash  2}{\b\super\insrsid4342605 nd}{\b\insrsid4342605  Interview
\par }{\insrsid4342605 
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 Excerpts from
\par Lt. Mood\rquote s (Lt. M) Follow-up Interview with
\par Mickey Malone (M. M.), owner of MM Auto Parts
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 Lt. M.:\tab Mr. Malone, I
 need to double check some things that you told me the other day.  You said you left home about 6:20 or 6:30 with the idea of going to Mr. Guion\rquote s house to talk to him.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par M. M.:\tab That\rquote s right.
\par 
\par Lt. M.:\tab But you never actually went to his place, rather you stopped for coffee.
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab Yes
\par 
\par Lt. M.:\tab So you were at the caf\'e9 about 10 minutes, I believe you said.  And then you }{\insrsid12537783 went}{\insrsid4342605  to the golf course, arrived there around 7.
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab Yeah.
\par 
\par Lt. M.:\tab You said that you had made overtures to Mr. Guion, wanted to clear things up.
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab That\rquote s right, but he\rquote s been so hard headed.
\par 
\par Lt. M.:\tab Well, is it true that you gave defective parts to Mr. Guion?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab My auto parts are of respectable quality as far as I know.  If Bob had any problems with the parts I gave him, it wasn\rquote t my doing.
\par 
\par Lt. M.:\tab Did he write this note to you?
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 [Copy of note on following page.]
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 M. M.:\tab Ah, yeah, he did.  When I read that he
 was going to ruin my business with other customers, I offered him the best terms I could.  I was even willing to sell him parts at cost to try and patch things up.  I mean\'85 if I lost the business, I don\rquote 
t know what I would do.  But he can be so stubborn.  So I called him Saturday morning.  I just though it was time to work this out, one on one.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4342605 
\par Lt. M.:\tab When did you receive the note?
\par 
\par M. M.:\tab A week ago Monday, I think.
\par 
\par Lt. M.:\tab I see.  OK, Mr. Malone, that\rquote s all for now.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid4342605 
\par }}